[DOCS-10642] Add Snowflake section to OP Amazon S3 destination (#28967)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/observability_pipelines/destinations/amazon_s3.md

{{% observability_pipelines/destination_env_vars/datadog_archives_amazon_s3 %}}

## Route logs to Snowflake using the Amazon S3 destination

You can route logs from Observability Pipelines to Snowflake using the Amazon S3 destination and configuring Snowpipe in Snowflake to automatically ingest those logs. To set this up:
1. Configure [Log Archives](#configure-log-archives).

> 1. [Set up a pipeline][6] to use Amazon S3 as the log destination. When logs are collected by Observability Pipelines, they are written to an S3 bucket using the same configuration detailed in [Set up the destination for your pipeline](#set-up-the-destination-for-your-pipeline), including AWS authentication, region settings, and permissions.

Author: ```suggestion
1. [Set up a pipeline][6] to use Amazon S3 as the log destination. When logs are collected by Observability Pipelines, they are written to an S3 bucket using the same configuration detailed in [Set up the destination for your pipeline](#set-up-the-destination-for-your-pipeline), which includes AWS authentication, region settings, and permissions.
```
